Antonin Gregory Scalia. 
He spent most of the Jimmy Carter years teaching at the University of Chicago, where he became one of the first faculty advisers of the fledgling Federalist Society. 
In 1982, he was appointed as a judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit by President Ronald Reagan.
In 1986, Scalia was appointed by Reagan to the Supreme Court to fill the associate justice seat vacated when Justice William Rehnquist was elevated to Chief Justice. 
Whereas Rehnquist's confirmation was contentious, Scalia was asked few difficult questions by the Senate Judiciary Committee, and faced no opposition. 
Scalia was unanimously confirmed by the Senate, and took the bench on September 26, 1986.
In his near quarter-century on the Court, Scalia has staked out a conservative ideology in his opinions, advocating textualism in statutory interpretation and originalism in constitutional interpretation.
He is a strong defender of the powers of the executive branch, believing presidential power should be paramount in many areas. 
He opposes affirmative action and other policies that treat minorities as groups. 
He files separate opinions in large numbers of cases, and, in his minority opinions, often castigates the Court's majority in scathing language.
The English custom of wife selling was a way of ending an unsatisfactory marriage by mutual agreement that began in the late 17th century, when divorce was a practical impossibility for all but the very wealthiest. 
After parading his wife with a halter around her neck, arm, or waist, a husband would publicly auction her to the highest bidder.
Wife selling provides the backdrop for Thomas Hardy's novel The Mayor of Casterbridge, in which the central character sells his wife at the beginning of the story, an act that haunts him for the rest of his life, and ultimately destroys him.
Although the custom had no basis in law and frequently resulted in prosecution, particularly from the mid-19th century onwards, the attitude of the authorities was equivocal.
At least one early 19th-century magistrate is on record as stating that he did not believe he had the right to prevent wife sales, and there were cases of local Poor Law Commissioners forcing husbands to sell their wives, rather than having to maintain the family in workhouses.
Wife selling persisted in some form until the early 20th century; according to the jurist and historian James Bryce, writing in 1901, wife sales were still occasionally taking place during his time.
A woman giving evidence in a Leeds police court in 1913, claimed that she had been sold to one of her husband's workmates for to one of her husband's workmates for 1 pound, one of the last reported instances of a wife sale in England.
Anna Anderson (16 December 1896-12 February 1984) was the best known of several impostors who claimed to be Grand Duchess Anastasia of Russia.
The real Anastasia, the youngest daughter of the last Tsar and Tsarina of Russia, Nicholas II and Alexandra, was killed with her parents and siblings on 17 July 1918 by Bolsheviks in Ekaterinburg, Russia; but the location of her body was unknown until 2008.
Anna Anderson (16 December 1896-12 February 1984) was the best known of several impostors who claimed to be Grand Duchess Anastasia of Russia.
The real Anastasia, the youngest daughter of the last Tsar and Tsarina of Russia, Nicholas II and Alexandra, was killed with her parents and siblings on 17 July 1918 by Bolsheviks in Ekaterinburg, Russia; but the location of her body was unknown until 2008.
In 1920, Anderson was institutionalized in a mental hospital after a suicide attempt in Berlin.
At first, she went by the name Fraulein Unbekannt (German for Miss Unknown) as she refused to reveal her identity.
Later she used the name Tschaikovsky and then Anderson.
In March 1922, claims that Anderson was a Russian grand duchess first received public attention.
Most members of Grand Duchess Anastasia's family and those who had known her, including court tutor Pierre Gilliard, said Anderson was an impostor but others were convinced she was Anastasia.
In 1927, a private investigation funded by the Tsarina's brother, Ernest Louis, Grand Duke of Hesse, identified Anderson as Franziska Schanzkowska, a Polish factory worker with a history of mental illness.
After a lawsuit lasting many years, the German courts ruled that Anderson had failed to prove she was Anastasia, but through media coverage, her claim gained notoriety.
Between 1922 and 1968, Anderson lived in Germany and the United States with various supporters and in sanatoria and nursing homes, including at least one asylum.
She emigrated to the United States in 1968, and shortly before the expiry of her visa married Jack Manahan, a Virginia history professor who was later characterized as 'probably Charlottesville's best-loved eccentric'.
Upon her death in 1984, Anderson's body was cremated, and her ashes were buried in the churchyard at Castle Seeon, Germany.
After the collapse of communism in the Soviet Union, the locations of the bodies of the Tsar, Tsarina, and all five of their children were revealed and multiple laboratories in different countries confirmed their identity through DNA testing.
DNA tests on a lock of Anderson's hair and surviving medical samples of her tissue showed that Anderson's DNA did not match that of the Romanov remains nor that of any living relatives of the Romanovs.
Instead, Anderson's mitochondrial DNA matched that of Karl Maucher, a great-nephew of Franziska Schanzkowska.
Scientists, historians and journalists accept that Anderson was Schanzkowska.
